Docs: Added note to contact Support (#65235)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/enhanced-ldap/index.md

The enhanced LDAP integration adds additional functionality on top of the [LDAP integration]({{< relref "ldap/" >}}) available in the open source edition of Grafana.

> > **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please contact Support to configure this.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please contact Support to configure this feature.
```

> > **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please contact Support to configure this feature.

Reviewer: How do users contact support? Is there a form they complete, or do they need to call? If there's a form, we could add a link to it here.

Author: Sorry for the delay @chri2547! Customers contact Support by opening a ticket from their Cloud Portal. We can use:

If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please [open a support ticket in the Cloud Portal](/profile/org#support) to request this feature.

> > **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please contact Support to configure this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please [open a support ticket in the Cloud Portal](https://github.com/profile/org#support) to request this feature.

```

> > **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please [open a support ticket in the Cloud Portal](https://github.com/profile/org#support) to request this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Available in [Grafana Enterprise]({{< relref "../../../../introduction/grafana-enterprise/" >}}) and [Grafana Cloud Advanced](/docs/grafana-cloud). If you are a Grafana Cloud customer, please [open a support ticket in the Cloud Portal](https://grafana.com/orgs/$org/tickets) to request this feature.
```
